README.md, before:

# Kryptoteket-crypto-bot
Discord bot for retrieving crypto prices and tickers at [Kryptotekets discord](https://discord.gg/heWSa5n).

## Getting started

1. Create your own discord bot by following this [guide](https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/discord.html).
2. Copy your bot token and past it in [AppSettings](https://github.com/loekensgard/kryptoteket-crypto-bot/blob/master/Kryptoteket.Bot/appsettings.json) under token.
3. Run the project in your favorite .net IDE.

## Discord commands

```
!ticker <pair>
!price <pair> <mx / nbx>
!gainers <top> <1h / 24h / 7d / 14d / 30d / 200d / 1y>
!losers <top> <1h / 24h / 7d / 14d / 30d / 200d / 1y>
!graph <currency>
!covid <countrycode / countryName>

!help 
```

These can be found under the Modules folder.

## Data
All crypto data is retrieved by public APIs at [MiraiEx](https://developers.miraiex.com/) and [CoinGecko](https://www.coingecko.com/)\
Coronavirus Statistics is retrieved by public APIs at [Disease.sh](https://disease.sh/docs/)

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome, please discuss changes via Issues.

Commit message:

updated readme with informaton about graphs

README.md, after:

# Kryptoteket-crypto-bot
Discord bot for retrieving crypto prices and tickers at [Kryptotekets discord](https://discord.gg/heWSa5n).

## Getting started

1. Create your own discord bot by following this [guide](https://discordpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/discord.html).
2. Copy your bot token and past it in [AppSettings](https://github.com/loekensgard/kryptoteket-crypto-bot/blob/master/Kryptoteket.Bot/appsettings.json) under token.
3. Run the project in your favorite .net IDE.

## Discord commands

```
!ticker <pair>
!price <pair> <mx / nbx>
!gainers <top> <1h / 24h / 7d / 14d / 30d / 200d / 1y>
!losers <top> <1h / 24h / 7d / 14d / 30d / 200d / 1y>
!graph <currency>
!covid <countrycode / countryName>

!help
!support
```

These can be found under the Modules folder.

## Data
All crypto data is retrieved by public APIs at [MiraiEx](https://developers.miraiex.com/) and [CoinGecko](https://www.coingecko.com/)\
Coronavirus Statistics is retrieved by public APIs at [Disease.sh](https://disease.sh/docs/)\
Graphs are made by sparklines from [CoinGecko](https://www.coingecko.com/) and plottend into [QuickChart](https://quickchart.io/)

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome, please discuss changes via Issues.
